‘For seventeen long
centuries have I remained in
this blade, confined within
these metal walls. During all
of my imprisonment you are
the first I have seen who is 
worthy to bear me into
battle. Come, take my hilt,
and I will serve you in the
manner of my kind,
drawing blood of your
enemies, protecting you in
the midst of the fight,
bringing you safe home
again. Now draw me from
the scabbard and test the
fineness of my balance. See
how easily I swing, how my
keen edge cleaves the air. A
good choice, am I not?

‘Willingly you picked me
up. Your first mistake.
Willingly you drew me. Your
second mistake. I do not
allow my servants to make
three mistakes, foolish
mortal…’
%
